# Collection of scripts for SoulCalibur VI models in Blender
This repository contains a collecion of scripts for use with SoulCalibur VI models exported from UViewer into Blender.

Right now, the scripts included require you use [the fork of UViewer found over here](https://github.com/Lenny3D/UEViewer), 
which exports UObject properties as JSON files instead of its own, custom text format. You need to compile it yourself, build
instructions are located in the linked repository.

All these scripts have only been tested on Linux, but if something does not work on Windows or OS X, feel free to open an issue
or an pull request if you can fix it.

## Scripts
### import\_scvi\_materials.py
Sets up materials for SoulCalibur VI models exported with UViewer. For each Blender material in your file, it tries to look
up the corresponding material properties generated by the UViewer fork and sets up the shader nodes for it.

#### Usage
Make sure that you have a SoulCalibur model exported with UViewer imported in Blender. 
Open the scripting tab in Blender, _Text -> Open_ and select the location of this script.

This script assumes you have exported everything to `Path.home() + "/UmodelExport"`. If this is not the case,
go to the bottom of the script, to the following line: 
```python
if __name__ == "__main__":
    r: ResourceResolver = ResourceResolver()
```

Change the `r: ResourceResolver = ResourceResolver()` to `r: ResourceResolver = ResourceResolver("/path/to/your/umodel/export/directory")`.
The path must point to the directory with the "Chara", "Common" and "DLC" directories.

After all is done, hit the run button. It should attempt to set up the correct materials for your imported character.

# Contact:
For questions regarding these scripts, please use [the discussions feature of GitHub](https://github.com/Lenny3D/blender-soulcalibur-vi-scripts/discussions/).

